changelog: pgvector support (#202)
CleverCloud/documentation: content/changelog/2024-02-22-postgresql-pgvector-support.md

---
title: "PostgreSQL: ask for pgvector support"
date: 2024-02-22
tags:
  - addons
  - postgresql
authors:
  - name: Lucas Draescher
    link: https://github.com/draescherl
    image: https://github.com/draescherl.png?size=40
  - name: Aurélien Hébert
    link: https://github.com/aurrelhebert
    image: https://github.com/aurrelhebert.png?size=40
  - name: David Legrand
    link: https://github.com/davlgd
    image: https://github.com/davlgd.png?size=40
description: Your wishes are our commands
excludeSearch: true
---

> PostgreSQL databases managed by Clever Cloud come with [lots of extensions activated by default](/doc/addons/postgresql/#default-extensions). There are also [some you can ask for](/doc/addons/postgresql/#on-demand-extensions), and we'll set them up, like `pg_cron`, `pgtap` or `timescaledb`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PostgreSQL databases managed by Clever Cloud come with [lots of extensions enabled by default](/doc/addons/postgresql/#default-extensions). There are also [some you can ask for](/doc/addons/postgresql/#on-demand-extensions), and we'll set them up, like `pg_cron`, `pgtap` or `timescaledb`.
```

> Recently, some customers also asked us a `pgvector` support, needed for specific (AI) workloads. So we started to work on it and integrated this extension to our workflow. We are now able to provide it on-demand.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recently noticed an increased interest from our clients in supporting the `pgvector` extension, needed for specific (AI) workloads. In order to accommodate these needs, we have packaged the extension for our systems and are now able to provide it on-demand.
```

> So if you need `pgvector`, just raise a ticket to our support team through [the Console Ticket Center](https://console.clever-cloud.com/ticket-center-choice). And if there is any other extension you need, feel free to ask, we will check how easy it is for us to provide it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need `pgvector`, open a ticket to our support team through [the Console Ticket Center](https://console.clever-cloud.com/ticket-center-choice). If there are any other extension you need, feel free to ask, we will try our best to adapt to your use-case.
```
